Shaggy_n_Scoobys_Stomaches

Description: Stomach looks slim, but magically expands with more food and slims down easily.

Personality: Will ignore survival for food, Be Courageous

AlterEgo: A mystery that has yet to be solved

Downfall: Never

Motive: Always after food





Ape Man :

Description: He was an ape with dark blue fur, and was rather tall. He had sharp teeth, a big snout, and red pupils with yellow sclera.

Personality: Agressive

AlterEgo: Carl, the stunt man on the movie

Downfall: Unmasked on camera

Why: Good old revenge. Carl did not get the lead role in the movie and he blamed that on Daphne's uncle. Carl then set about to ruin the movie.



Black knight:
What a Night for a Knight


Desc: Large black suit of armour with red feathers on its helmet

Pers: Intimidating

AlterEgo: Mr.Wickles

Downfall: Fell into a trap

Why: To scare people away while he swapped the museum's paintings with forgeries and selling the real paintings for profit


Caveman:

Desc: He had brownish skin and black shoulder-length hair. He wore a dark brown cloth around his waistline

Pers: Angry




AlterEgo: Professor Wayne



Downfall: Fell into a tank holding clam stuck.

why: Getting rid of a colleague and stealing his invention

Charlie the Funland Robot:
Foul Play in Funland



Des: Charlie is a tall humanoid made of blue metal body and his eyes are bright yellow

pers:  mischevious and at times destructive

Alter: Sarah Jenkins


down: weakness was a powerful electromagnet

y: robots should not operate in a place where children were there to have fun


Creeper:



desc: a green-skinned phantom/zombie, with dark red hair and yellow sclera. He wore a dark green trench coat, with dark green pants and black shoes.

pers:  violent temper

Alter:Mr.Carswell



down: Stuck in hay-bale making machine

y: robbing his own bank using the disguise to throw people off track

Dracula:
Episode- A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts

des: He resembled a human male, with pale skin, bowl-shaped black hair, pointy ears, and red sclera. He always had a smirky grin on his face. He wore a black cape, with a red interior, over a black suit.

pers: secretive, sneaky

alter: Big Bob Oakley

dow: Left behind clues in coffin

y: Trying to scare people off so he could search for the Franken treasure alone


Frankenstein's Monster:
A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts

des: He was a humanoid male, wtih jet black hair and yellow eyes. He had paleish green skin, and always had a scowl. He wore a dark blue coat, with a purple shirt underneath

pers: secretive, sneaky

alter: Big Bob Oakley

dow: Left behind clues in coffin

y: Trying to scare people off so he could search for the Franken treasure alone


Ghost Clown:
Bedlam in the Big Top




Descr: A stereotype clown with a evil grin on his face and his black eyeshadow

Pers: Likes to be In complete control

AlterEgo: Harry the Hypnotist

Downfall: tries to hypnotize but was deflected and hypnotized himself into a chimpanzee

Why: Revenge against circus that sent him to prison for stealing

Ghost of Captain Cutler:
A Clue for Scooby Doo

Descr: In a light green deep sea diving suit that was covered in a type of glowing seaweed

Pers: very lifeless

AlterEgo: Captain Cutler

Downfall: Trapped unintentionally by Scooby

Why: Faked his death so that he could steal yachts


Ghost of Elias Kingston:
What the Hex Going On?



Descr: Middle-aged male, with blue skin and black hair

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Stuart Wetherby

Downfall: Use footage of the ghost himself with the special camera to frighten him into a trap

Why: Wanted to gain control of the family fortune and decided to get the fortune by tricking his family into giving it to him


Ghost of Geronimo:
Decoy for a Dognapper


Descr:  A Native American carrying a tomahawk on horseback

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Buck Masters

Downfall: Use dogs to chase the witch doctor up a tree

Why: to kidnap all the dogs who might have beaten his own dog in the competition

Ghost of Mr.Hyde:

Descr: Green skin with big, white beady eyes, and long, dark gray hair and sported a long, dark green trench coat as well as a black, tight fitting hat

Pers: Sinister

AlterEgo: 
Dr.Jekyll





Downfall: Scare him with his costume making him fall through the trapdoor from earlier and onto a mattress and wrap him up, capturing him

Why: Used disguise to cover up his jewel thefts

Ghost of Redbeard:
Go Away Ghost Ship



Descr: Middle-aged male, with red beard, wore a black pirate hat with skull and crossbones, red coat with a pink interior, pink pants, and brown boots.

Pers: Threaten and forced prisoners

AlterEgo: C.L. Magnus

Downfall: Ghost sword, Shaggy, Scooby and a jackhammer

Why: about to lose his business if he didn't come up with some money. So he raided his own ships and was going to sell the cargo




Ghost of Zen Tuo:



Descr: wore a white robe and coat that had green trimming decorating his coat and a white hood with a green hat that had a black brim

Pers: obsessed, little patience

AlterEgo: A.FONG





Downfall: Captured accidently

Why: Ghost act was to scare people away from the temple, their center of the operation

Green Ghosts:
A Night of Fright is No Delight



Descr: green robes with hoods over their heads shadowing their faces. They also wore gloves, with long, curved fingers

Pers: laughing sinisterly to scare

AlterEgo: Green robes with hoods over their heads shadowing their faces. They also wore gloves, with long, curved fingers and chains on wrists

Downfall: Trapped accidently

Why: Wanted the estate of Colonel Beauregard Sanders's will, intimidate the inheritors to get the fortune themselves


Gypsy:
A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts

The Actor



Descr: Ederly female, with black hair, pale skin, and red sclera. Wore traditional gypsy garb; a red turban, two large earrings, and orange and red clothing

Pers: Pretended to be a fortune teller

AlterEgo: Big Bob Oakley

Downfall: Left behind clues in coffin

Why: Trying to scare people off so he could search for the Franken treasure alone


Headless Specter:


Descr: No head and wore a mustard colored overcoat with a red interior. Also wears grey pants, and black shoes.

Pers: Had an eerie laugh to intimidate

AlterEgo: Penrod Stillwall



Downfall: Crashed into a hen-house and trapped

Why: Made up the specter to scare people away to search for the treasure

Indian Witch Doctor:
Decoy for a Dognapper





Descr: Average build, wearing a large head dress consisting of horns and white hair. Wore a beige Native American shirt and pants

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Buck Masters

Downfall: Use dogs to chase the witch doctor up a tree

Why: Kidnap all the dogs who might have beaten his own dog in the competition


Miner Forty-Niner:


Descr: Caucasian male, with a large grey beard along with large grey mustache. Brown cowboy hat, which covered the top half of face. Nose was left visible. Great height due to wearing stilts. Wore brown pants, long-sleeve blue top, over an open black waistcoat

Pers: expressionless, obsessed

AlterEgo: Hank

Downfall: Intimidated, chased and reveal his stilts and identity 

Why: Scare off the employers and guests so the land could be bought cheap for the oil underneath


Mummy of Ankha:
Scooby Doo and a Mummy, Too


Descr: mummy was covered in rolls of paper

Pers: hostile and short-tempered

AlterEgo: Dr. Najib

Downfall: Lawn mower ride that lead to get caught in a basketball net 

Why: Knew that Ankha's coin would unlock the latter's most prized possession: a diamond scarab; hidden in a hippo statue


Phantom:
Hassle in the Castle

Descr: Looked like a classic ghost -- a translucent white sheet with eyeholes

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Bluestone the Great

Downfall: Scooby captures the ghost by falling on top of him

Why: Came to Haunted Isle to find the hidden Vasquez treasure


Puppet master:
The Backstage Rage



Descr: Pale-grayish skin and yellow sclera. black cavalier hat, a dark-gray cloak, with a high collar, which is red inside. Dress shoes matched the outside of his cloak and wore plain black pants

Pers: Portrayed a typical villain to intimidate

AlterEgo: Pietro

Downfall: Falls into a trap from being cornered into a catwalk

Why: Scare people away from his counterfeiting operation

Snow Ghost:
That's Snow Ghost

Descr: Large creature, long white fur, claws, large footprints, yellow eyes, and large, thick eyebrows that curled around at the ends, resembling horns.

Pers: Willing to kill

AlterEgo: Mr. Greenway and Mr. Leech

Downfall: Snowballed into a being unmasked

Why: scare people away from the abandoned sawmill where Mr. Leech brought and smuggled stolen jewels
 
Spooky Space Kook:


Descr: Ghostly apparition of a humanoid male. A skull with huge, dull, pale yellow eyes, inside of a blue spacesuit

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Henry Bascombe

Downfall: Trapped in an air tunnel, the costume fell off, revealing his identity

Why: Scare the farmer and the Air Force into selling their lands cheap

Wax Phantom:






Descr: Nine-foot humanoid made of wax

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: Roger stevens

Downfall: Trapped in the wax shower

Why: Embezzled a lot of money from the TV station and tryed to pin blame for theft and disappearance

WereWolf:


Descr: Brown hair, green skin and red eyes. Wears a black coat brown shirt and pants.

Pers: Kept in character until the end

AlterEgo: A sheep rustler

Downfall: Held on for dear life over a waterfall, crying out in his regular voice

Why: Trying to stop intruders from discovering the sheep smuggling ring which was working in an old abandoned mill and harbor in the forest

Witch:
Which Witch is Which?



Descr: Blue-skinned and had a long, pointed nose and chin and white hair. Wore a tattered purple robe and a black, pointed witch's hat with a purple stripe on it

Pers: Stereotypical personality of an evil witch

AlterEgo: Zeb Perkins


Downfall: Fall into a rolling cart and into the armored truck trapped

Why: Scare intruders away to search for lost armored truck



Witch Doctor:


 

Descr: Wears a pink and orange robe and a Hawaiian voodoo witch doctor mask

Pers: Intimidate

AlterEgo: John Simms

Downfall: Blinded, falls into the pit

Why: Set up by Simms to get interlopers away from the ancient village which had a secret underwater cavern which led out into the river where they poached pearls

Wolfman:
A Gaggle of Galloping Ghosts
Big Bob Oakley


Descr:

Pers:

AlterEgo:

Downfall:

Why: 

Zombie:
Which Witch is Which?


Descr:

Pers:

AlterEgo: Zeke

Downfall:

Why: 




